Muna
and it is the group of the oldest languages in the world
Why is learning Arabic difficult?
It is not like that
but the diversity of Arabic language sciences
between literature and communication
and grammar and grammar
and the beauty of the cities and the expression
and the multiple singularities
make some people afraid of learning them
while they are one of the strong and easy languages to learn
but they need determination and persistence to learn and perfect them
Do you know why Arabic is called the language of the deaf?
Yes, of course
This name is re-used on Arabic
because it is the only language in the world
that contains the letter of the deaf
Do you always get high marks in Arabic?
The teacher describes you as a lover of Arabic
Why?
How can I not love it?
The Creator has honored it
and made it the language of the Holy Quran
and the language of the Prophet
and it is the main language of Islam
and the cradle of civilizations around the world
How beautiful is the Arabic language!
Thank you, Mona